123. What’s your proudest achievement? It can be a personal project or something you’ve worked on professionally. Just a short paragraph is fine, but I’d love to know why you’re proud of it. •	Motivated to solve real problems – Initiative & Innovation •	Convince others that your way is right – Leadership & Communication •	Focus on customer benefits – Client focus & Creativity •	Feature some personal growth – Self Development & Learning •	Going above and beyond for the customer – Passionate & Determination •	Show stepping outside your role – Adaptable & Flexible    While working at Ericsson as a Software Engineer Intern, I was part of the Auto Provisioning team, where I fixed the automation processes of 5G nodes. The principle role was to develop a solution to automate provisioning of 5G nodes. With this solution, field engineers wouldn’t have to physically go to the networks site to provision a 5G node.  When I  joined this team as an intern, the project was at its completion stage, I observed how my team members were working without the full context of the current problem. The solution they had wasn’t solving the issue we were facing, but rather, it was creating a totally new one. For example, generating artifacts and other network configuration were all done manually, the whole objective was to automate these processes. I spent my first few weeks reading documentation to better understand the problem and researched various solutions we could implement. This was all new to me but I was determined to see the successful completion of this project.  I then questioned the scrum master about the current solution. Since the scrum master didn’t have the answers, he suggested I talk to the product owner. After I spoke to the product owner, he agreed to set up a meeting with my supervisor and manager to discuss a new solution. Days before the meeting, I spent time building a prototype to show the orchestration of the various processes which wouldn’t involve a manual task. Although my team weren’t happy about the changes, my manager did approve of it and work began almost immediately to switch to the new solution. I was very proud of the impact I made.